.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2015 Zhou Mo <cdluminate@gmail.com>,
.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Boyuan Yang <073plan@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" ### Chinese workaround for man
.\" 
.\" -*- mode: nroff; coding: utf-8; -*-
.\"
.\" Chinese localization for groff
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2015  Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\"   Written by Darcy SHEN <sadhen1992@gmail.com>
.\"   using `ja.tmac' as a template
.\"
.\" This file is part of groff.
.\"
.\" groff is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" groff is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" Please send comments to groff@gnu.org.
.
.
.\" The following rules work for both zh_CN and zh_TW.
.
.\" Locale string
.
.ds locale chinese\"
.
.
.class [CJKprepunct] \
  , : ; > } \
  \[u2026] \[u201D] \
  \[u3001] \[u3002] \[u3009] \[u300B] \[u300D] \[u300F] \[u3011] \
  \[uFF01] \[uFF09] \[uFF0C] \[uFF1A] \[uFF1B] \[uFF1F]
.class [CJKpostpunct] \
  \[u201C] \[u3008] \[u300A] \[u300C] \[u300E] \[u3010] \[uFF08]
.
.\" Chinese glyphs.
.class [CJKnormal] \
  \[u4E00]-\[u9FFF]
.
.cflags 128 \C'[CJKprepunct]'
.cflags 266 \C'[CJKpostpunct]'
.cflags 512 \C'[CJKnormal]'
.\" ### END of workaround
.TH FORTUNE-ZH 6 "2016-08-06" "Debian Chinese Team" "游戏手册"

.SH 名称
fortune-zh \- fortune 工具的中文数据文件

.SH 大纲
.B fortune-zh

.SH 描述
\fIfortune-zh\fR 是一个简单的 shell 脚本，可以配合中文数据文件及其预设格式调用 \fIfortune\fR 
工具。

.SH 数据文件
.TP
.I /usr/share/games/fortunes/tang300
大约300首唐代诗歌。

.TP
.I /usr/share/games/fortunes/song100
大约100首宋代诗词。

.TP
.I /usr/share/games/fortunes/chinese
除了 tang300 和 song100 外的杂项中国文化作品选编。

.SH 参见
.BR fortune(6)

.SH 作者
fortune-zh 的原作者是
.IP
Copyright © 2001-2009 Yu Guanghui <ygh@debian.org>
.PP
本手册页由 Zhou Mo <cdluminate@gmail.com> 为 Debian 项目编写，且可用于其它用途。
